hello Mar here and I'm with Illinois
harley-davidson here in berwyn Illinois
in the Chicagoland area we're located at
thirty no one shall harlem avenue we can
reach us at 70 87 88 1300 and what we're
looking at is a dynast at it's an fx the
DF is the model number it's a two
thousand eight and it has four thousand
five hundred and eighty-one miles on it
the stock number on this bike is 31 453
and we have this like retail at 12 9 95
and this is a really special color
that's called pewter denim and I'm
actually going to have Nikita tell you a
little bit more about this bike hi
everyone well this bike has the twin cam
96 cubic inch fuel-injected motor it's
rubber mounted wow this bike is pretty
much all stock hasn't been modified
stock filter stock exhaust and as Mark
mentioned pewter denim is really a flat
paint job there is a no glossy finish to
it so it gives it that custom look um
very clean bike it's got the black Mouth
motor with the chrome accents swinging
eat fat box have the dual brakes up
front it's got the powder coated lower
Forks it's got the fat tire up front to
give it a beefy look the dual headlight
some of the unique features of the bike
route again right it has former control
so you can really stretch your legs out
on this one and it's a great bike too
right around town or even go on long
trips so why don't you stop by and take
a look yourself and again you can reach
us at 70 888 1300 see you soon